NMS-8861: Add information about logging (#4550)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/admin/logging/introduction.adoc

[[ga-logging-introduction]]
= Logging

> {page-component-title} stores logs into different files in the filesystem depending and named on the daemon that was acting on a process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} stores logs in different files in the file system depending and named on the daemon that was acting on a process.
```

The log files can be found in `/var/log/opennms/`.

For information on the different log files, how they are named, and what they include, see xref:reference:logging/introduction.adoc[List of log files].

[[ga-change-logging]]
== Change logging

{page-component-title} uses the https://logging.apache.org/log4j/[Apache Log4j] framework to manage how the logs are written, structured, or rotated.

The configuration file can be found in `/etc/opennms/log4j2.xml`.

Each daemon can have an individual logging level.

The corresponding configuration in this file can be found in the XML tree path: `configuration/loggers/root/DynamicThresholdFilter/KeyValuePair`.

The default logging level is WARN.
You can set the levels to TRACE, INFO, DEBUG, WARN, or ERROR depending on the need.

For troubleshooting, use DEBUG. 
After saving the changes in this file, {page-component-title} needs a few seconds to apply the changes.
The additional DEBUG log output is now also being written to the corresponding log file.

NOTE: Don't forget to set the logging level back to WARN after changing it to a higher severity.

> Depending on the scale, {page-component-title} can generate a lot more logs, which requires more disk space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on the scale, {page-component-title} can generate a lot of logs, which requires more disk space.

== Logging levels

.Service daemon logging level options
[options="header"]
[cols="1,8"]
|===
| Level
| Description

| INFO
| Anything likely to be useful to the average user to determine the current general behavior/state of the system.

| WARN
| Messages relating to code that has a failure that might be temporary or recoverable, or code that is misconfigured but can continue running in a regressed state.
This is the recommended default log level.

| ERROR
| Only things that cause code to stop working and be unrecoverable.

| DEBUG
| Additional information that can help diagnose issues.

| TRACE
| Even more additional information that is often useful only to developers.
This mode will output very detailed logs and can cause performance issues if left enabled.
Use sparingly as necessary.
|===
```

[[ga-logging-introduction]]
= Logging

> {page-component-title} stores logs into different files in the filesystem depending and named on the daemon that was acting on a process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} stores logs in different files in the file system depending and named on the daemon that was acting on a process.
```

> For example: Logs for xref:operation:service-assurance/introduction.adoc#ga-service-assurance[service assurance checks] that are done by `pollerd` are stored in a file called `pollerd.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, logs for xref:operation:service-assurance/introduction.adoc#ga-service-assurance[service assurance checks] that are done by `pollerd` are stored in the `pollerd.log` file.
```

The log files can be found in `/var/log/opennms/`.

> == List of log files

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

For information on the different log files, how they are named, and what they include, see xref:reference:logging/introduction.adoc[List of log files].

[[ga-change-logging]]
== Change logging

> {page-component-title} uses the https://logging.apache.org/log4j/[Apache Log4j] framework for managing how the logs are being written, structured or rotated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{page-component-title} uses the https://logging.apache.org/log4j/[Apache Log4j] framework to manage how the logs are written, structured, or rotated.
```

The configuration file can be found in `/etc/opennms/log4j2.xml`.

Each daemon can have an individual logging level.

The corresponding configuration in this file can be found in the XML tree path

> *configuration/loggers/root/DynamicThresholdFilter/KeyValuePair*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`configuration/loggers/root/DynamicThresholdFilter/KeyValuePair`
```

> The default logging level is `WARN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default logging level is WARN.
```

> But the levels can be set to `TRACE`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `WARN`, or `ERROR` depending on the need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the levels to TRACE, INFO, DEBUG, WARN, or ERROR depending on the need.
```

> For troubleshooting purposes `DEBUG` can be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting, use DEBUG. 
```

> By saving the changes in this file {page-component-title} needs a few seconds to apply the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After saving the changes in this file, {page-component-title} needs a few seconds to apply the changes.
```

> The additional `DEBUG` log output is now also being written to the corresponding log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The additional DEBUG log output is now also being written to the corresponding log file.
```

> NOTE: Don't forget to set the logging level back to `WARN` after changing it to an higher severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Don't forget to set the logging level back to WARN after changing it to a higher severity.
```

> Depending on the scale {page-component-title} can generate a lot more logs which will require more disk space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the scale, {page-component-title} can generate a lot more logs, which requires more disk space.
```
